Update _index.md (#65555)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/getting-started/_index.md

# Get started

Getting started with Grafana involves three steps:

1. Setup Grafana

> 2. Connect your first data source

Reviewer: - It's preferable to use Markdown's auto-incrementing ordered lists. 
  To use the auto-incrementing lists, always use the prefix `1.`.

```suggestion
1. Connect your first data source
```

3. Create your first dashboard

> ## Step 1. Setup Grafana

Reviewer: - "Setup" is a noun, "Set up" is the intended verbiage.
```suggestion
## Step 1. Set up Grafana
```

You have two ways to setup Grafana:

> * [Setup Grafana on Grafana Cloud]("https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/quickstart/") without having to install it or run it yourself. This is the fastest way to get started and the easiest way to use Grafana.

Reviewer: - "Setup" is a noun, "Set up" is the intended verbiage.
- It's preferable to put one sentence on each line for better future diffing with git.
- `prettier` prefers `-` for unordered lists over `*`.

```suggestion
- [Set up Grafana on Grafana Cloud]("https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/quickstart/") without having to install it or run it yourself.
  This is the fastest way to get started and the easiest way to use Grafana.
```

> * [Setup Grafana on your own infrastructure]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/installation/" >}}) such as an operating system, Kubernetes cluster, or Docker container.

Reviewer: - "Setup" is a noun, "Set up" is the intended verbiage.
- `prettier` prefers `-` for unordered lists over `*`.
```suggestion
- [Set up Grafana on your own infrastructure]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/installation/" >}}) such as an operating system, Kubernetes cluster, or Docker container.
```

## Step 2. Connect your first data source

> Grafana dashboards work by querying [data sources]({{< relref "../datasources/" >}}) that you connect to Grafana. You will need to [setup a data source]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}}) connection before you can visualize data. Data sources are setup by [installing data source plugins]({{< relref "../administration/plugin-management/#install-grafana-plugins" >}})). You can [browse data source plugins](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource) from the plugin catalog.

Reviewer: - It's preferable to put one sentence on each line for better future diffing with git.
```suggestion
Grafana dashboards work by querying [data sources]({{< relref "../datasources/" >}}) that you connect to Grafana.
You will need to [setup a data source]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}}) connection before you can visualize data.
Data sources are setup by [installing data source plugins]({{< relref "../administration/plugin-management/#install-grafana-plugins" >}})).
You can [browse data source plugins](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource) from the plugin catalog.
```

1. Decide which data source you want to visualize. Browse the (data source plugin catalog](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource)) to see what you can connect with Grafana.
2. Ensure the data source plugin is installed. See ([how to install data source plugins]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}})).
3. Connect the data source to Grafana. See ([how to setup a data source]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}})), which configures an instance of a connection from Grafana to that data source.

## Step 3. Create your first dashboard

> Once you have connected Grafana with one or more data sources, you can create a dashboard to visualize data from those data sources. This section provides guidance on how build your first dashboard after you have installed Grafana. It also provides step-by-step instructions on how to add a Prometheus, InfluxDB, or an MS SQL Server data source. Refer to [Data sources]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}}) for a list of all supported data sources.

Reviewer: - It's preferable to put one sentence on each line for better future diffing with git.

```suggestion
Once you have connected Grafana with one or more data sources, you can create a dashboard to visualize data from those data sources.
This section provides guidance on how build your first dashboard after you have installed Grafana.
It also provides step-by-step instructions on how to add a Prometheus, InfluxDB, or an MS SQL Server data source.
Refer to [Data sources]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}}) for a list of all supported data sources.
```

1. Connect your first data source
1. Create your first dashboard

## Set up Grafana

Choose one of the following methods to set up Grafana:

- [Set up Grafana on Grafana Cloud](/docs/grafana-cloud/quickstart/) without having to install it or run it yourself.
  This is the fastest way to get started and the easiest way to use Grafana.
- [Set up Grafana on your own infrastructure]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/installation/" >}}) such as an operating system, Kubernetes cluster, or Docker container.

## Connect your first data source

Grafana dashboards work by querying [data sources]({{< relref "../datasources/" >}}) that you connect to Grafana.
You must [set up a data source]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}}) connection before you can visualize data.
You set up a data source by [installing a data source plugin]({{< relref "../administration/plugin-management/#install-grafana-plugins" >}})).
From the plugin catalog, you can also [browse data source plugins](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource).

1. Browse the [data source plugin catalog](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource) to decide which data source you want to visualize.

> 1. Ensure the data source plugin is installed.

Reviewer 2: @davemoore- This step and the following step land readers at the top of a very long data source management topic. Is there a specific section within that topic that we can link to?

# Get started

Getting started with Grafana involves three steps:

1. Set up Grafana
1. Connect your first data source
1. Create your first dashboard

## Step 1. Set up Grafana

> You have two ways to set up Grafana:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choose one of the following methods to set up Grafana:
```

- [Set up Grafana on Grafana Cloud]("https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/quickstart/") without having to install it or run it yourself.
  This is the fastest way to get started and the easiest way to use Grafana.
- [Set up Grafana on your own infrastructure]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/installation/" >}}) such as an operating system, Kubernetes cluster, or Docker container.

> ## Step 2. Connect your first data source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Connect your first data source
```

Grafana dashboards work by querying [data sources]({{< relref "../datasources/" >}}) that you connect to Grafana.

> You will need to [setup a data source]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}}) connection before you can visualize data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must [set up a data source]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}}) connection before you can visualize data.
```

Data sources are setup by [installing data source plugins]({{< relref "../administration/plugin-management/#install-grafana-plugins" >}})).

> You can [browse data source plugins](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource) from the plugin catalog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the plugin catalog, you can also [browse data source plugins](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource).
```

1. Decide which data source you want to visualize. Browse the (data source plugin catalog](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/?type=datasource)) to see what you can connect with Grafana.
1. Ensure the data source plugin is installed.
   See ([how to install data source plugins]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}})).
1. Connect the data source to Grafana.

>    See ([how to setup a data source]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}})), which configures an instance of a connection from Grafana to that data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   See [how to set up a data source]({< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}}), which configures an instance of a connection from Grafana to that data source.
```

> ## Step 3. Create your first dashboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Create your first dashboard
```

Once you have connected Grafana with one or more data sources, you can create a dashboard to visualize data from those data sources.
This section provides guidance on how build your first dashboard after you have installed Grafana.
It also provides step-by-step instructions on how to add a Prometheus, InfluxDB, or an MS SQL Server data source.

> Refer to [Data sources]({{< relref "../administration/data-source-management/" >}}) for a list of all supported data sources.

Reviewer 2: @davemoore- , I would remove this link as it's covered above.
